Update config-setting-deploy.md (#952)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/managed-desktop/working-with-managed-desktop/config-setting-deploy.md

3. In **Deployment status** workspace, select the setting you want to deploy, and then select the staged deployment to deploy.
4. Select **Deploy** to deploy the change to one of the deployment groups.

> [!NOTE] 

> > The orange caution icon indicates there is a previous group available for deployment as it’s recommended to rollout in order. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The orange caution icon indicates there is a previous group available for deployment as it’s recommended to roll out in order. 
```
